# CS180Project
Item Class Description
This class represents an item in our ecommerce store. It implements ItemsInterface and overrides its methods. Items contains 4 main        fields: name, description, quantity, and user, storing respectively an item’s name, description, quantity, and the user that purchases /      sells it. Items also includes the standard accessor and mutator methods for each field, which can help retrieve and modify each               respective field. We tested Items using the ItemsTest class, which verifies that all the getter and setter methods in Items work correctly. ItemsTest sets values for each field in Items and then checks that they are each returned correctly. A valid User object is then created and linked to the item to ensure the relationship is correctly established. The Items class is an integral part of our project – it directly relates to the user class, as both buyers and sellers interact on our 	ecommerce store over the items they are buying / selling, and connects to the bank class, which holds the functions to buy / sell items. 

Database Class Description
This class represents the store system in our ecommerce platform. It implements DatabaseInterace and overrides its methods. Databae contains 4 main fields: userFile, conversationFile, userList, and conversations, which store the fileNames for saved data and the lists of site users and conversations, respectively. Database also includes the nessesary methods to start up and shut down the system, create users, check if a user exists, and perform item searches based off an item name. We tested Database using the DatabaseTest class, which created temporary users, storing and retrieving their data, and performed search operations to verify the Database operated correctly. The Database class is an integral part of our project - it connects closely with the Items, User, and Bank classes, supporting the creation, function, and storage of our store items, and the function of our program. 
